New guide on creating and managing building blocks. (#891)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.how-to.get-started-building-blocks.md

In certain cases, newly created Tenants may require the automatic execution of a configuration routine, like setting up a VPN connection to an on-premises network. For these situations, a Building Block assigned to a Landing Zone can be utilized. This Building Block will execute each time a tenant is established in the Landing Zone, carrying out the required updates. To enable use of Building Block in a Landing Zone, toggle the switch “**Use in Landing Zone only**”. Subsequently, the Building Block will not be available in the Marketplace.

**Notification User** field let you define mail addresses to send a notification in case of failed Building Block execution or whenever a Building Block requires platform operator input.

The **Support** and **Documentation** fields are designed to direct Building Block users to supplementary documentation, providing them with additional information and support.

![Building block configuration UI](assets/bb-howto-2.png)

### Tags

> Like other meshStack objects, tags could be assigned to Building Block definitions. These tags can be used to establish compliance rules, for example, allowing only users from specific Workspaces to execute the Building Block. Matching values for Building Block and Workspace tags facilitate such scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like other meshStack objects, tags can be assigned to Building Block Definitions. These tags can be used to establish compliance rules, for example, allowing only users from specific Workspaces to execute the Building Block. Matching values for Building Block and Workspace tags facilitate such scenarios.
```

### Implementation

#### Supported platforms

> A Building Block is created to operate on one or several Platforms. This selection allows users to determine which Platforms qualify for the Building Block. Only projects with tenants on the corresponding platform will qualify for Building Block assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Building Block is created to operate on one or more Platforms. This selection allows users to determine which Platforms qualify for the Building Block. Only projects with tenants on the corresponding platform will qualify for Building Block assignment.
```

```bash
ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -C "your_email@example.com"
```

After generating the SSH key, upload the private key to meshStack using the "Upload" feature. Then, consult your repository's documentation for instructions on setting up SSH deployment keys.

Finally, if you are using a private Git repository, you should import the public portion of the SSH host keys into meshStack. To gather the public SSH host keys, run the command below, replacing 'GIT_HOST' with the hostname or IP address of your private repository.

```bash
ssh-keyscan GIT_HOST
```

Paste the command output into the text fields below.

![Known host setup](assets/bb-howto-3.png)

### Dependencies

Optionally, a user can specify relationships between the Building Blocks, making sure that Building Blocks designated as “pre-requisites” are assigned to the Tenant prior to assignment of the that current Building Block. By chaining the Building Blocks it is possible to use Building Block outputs as inputs for the dependant Building Block.

### Input

A Building Block input is used to supply configuration parameters to Terraform code. Each input has following settings:

> - The input N**ame** must correspond to the Terraform variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The input **Name** must correspond to the Terraform variables.
```

![Create building block draft](assets/bb-howto-12.png)

After applying the changes, select "Release" to publish a new version of the building block. This latest version will now be the default for users selecting this building block from the Marketplace. Users who have previously selected that building block continue to rely on the prior version.

The current instances of Building Blocks are not impacted by updates to the Building Block definition; thus, the provisioned resources stay unchanged. If necessary, you can force an upgrade of the instances. To do this, navigate to the Admin Area, then go to "Marketplace > Building Blocks". From the list of Building Blocks, check the box next to the ones you want to upgrade. Then, select “Upgrade,” as shown in the image below. This action will upgrade the selected Building Block definitions and **force a new run**, ensuring that end-users are using the latest version.

![Upgrade building block](assets/bb-howto-13.png)

> The diagram illustrates the lifecycle of a Building Block definition. It indicates that only the initial version (V 1) necessitates approval before the definition can be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram illustrates the lifecycle of a Building Block definition. It indicates that only the initial version (v1) necessitates approval before the definition can be published.
```
